Add CCS based reindex in doc page (#117154)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/docs/reindex.asciidoc

in the `reindex.remote.whitelist` setting of `elasticsearch.yml`. See
<<reindex-from-remote>>.

> * If ccs-based reindexing from a remote cluster, you must add the remote cluster setting. See

Author: Since it looks like a condition for performing an [existing reindex](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/2895f1e900b2f41704fd507845102a281cff437e/docs/reference/docs/reindex.asciidoc?plain=1#L91), I think it would be better to give it a different name to avoid confusing users.

> * If ccs-based reindexing from a remote cluster, you must add the remote cluster setting. See

Reviewer: Yes I agree that we should keep the terminology to "ccs-based reindexing" to distinguish this from the pre-existing functionality of reindexing from a remote cluster.

// TEST[s/otherhost:9200/\${host}/]
// TEST[s/\.\.\.,/"username": "test_admin", "password": "x-pack-test-password",/]

> [[ccs-based-reindex-from-remote]]
> ==== ccs based reindex from remote
> 
> Reindex supports Cross-cluster search (<<modules-cross-cluster-search,{ccs}>>) based reindexing from a remote Elasticsearch cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

[[reindex-from-remote-cluster]]
==== reindex from remote cluster

Reindex supports sourcing documents from a remote Elasticsearch cluster:
```

Author: Since a section named [reindex-from-remote](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/2895f1e900b2f41704fd507845102a281cff437e/docs/reference/docs/reindex.asciidoc?plain=1#L958) already exists, won't it be difficult to understand what the difference is with `reindex-from-remote-cluster`?
You said that ccs is a low-level feature and we don't need to worry about it too much, but I think it would be better to clarify the difference with the existing remote reindex.

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
POST _reindex
{
  "source": {
    "index": "cluster_one:my-index-000001"
  },
  "dest": {
    "index": "my-new-index-000001"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[setup:my_index_big]

The `index` parameter must be specified with the remote cluster name and the index name, separated by 
a colon (e.g., cluster_one:my-index-000001).

> Additionally, you must configure the remote cluster in advance and retrieve the remote cluster name.

Reviewer 2: I don't follow what "retrieve the remote cluster name" means here.
Perhaps, it should all be rephrased more simply such as: "Note that reindexing requires that the remote cluster be configured on the local cluster."

Author: That certainly seems confusing.
I'll rephrase it to a simpler version.

Author: [simple note](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/117154/commits/6ae57e05cdb51ec530aab31bcdc1cf7a7a987eca)

// TEST[s/otherhost:9200/\${host}/]
// TEST[s/\.\.\.,/"username": "test_admin", "password": "x-pack-test-password",/]

[[CCS-based-reindex-from-remote]]
==== CCS based reindex from remote

> Reindex supports CCS based reindexing from a remote Elasticsearch cluster:

Reviewer 3: nit Would appreciate expanding CCS to Cross Cluster Search at least once in the text (like in this first mention here), and a link to the CCS section (`modules-cross-cluster-search`).

Author: [expand and use lowercase](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/117154/commits/34a6708404200dba0aad0371863fb34197779333)

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
POST _reindex
{
  "source": {
    "index": "cluster_one:my-index-000001"
  },
  "dest": {
    "index": "my-new-index-000001"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[setup:my_index_big]

The `index` parameter must be specified with the remote cluster name and the index name, separated by 
a colon (e.g., cluster_one:my-index-000001).
Additionally, you must configure the remote cluster in advance and retrieve the remote cluster name.
For more details, refer to the reference for <<add-remote-clusters>>.

> NOTE: Needs v8.12.0 or later on the reindexing cluster.

Reviewer 3: This is insinuated by the documentation update in only recent versions, and the changelog in 8.12. So please remove this line.

Author: [omit note](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/117154/commits/e0586516ce1d8415759d7ffbb1a97c6021b880be)
